Update about basic auth for Cloud version 10 projects (#4445)
umbraco/UmbracoDocs: Umbraco-Cloud/Security/index.md

Umbraco Cloud offers a multitude of features allowing you to block access to different resources.

> - Basic Authentication allowing access to Backoffice & Frontend of Umbraco Cloud Websites only for authenticated users. **Note:** Basic authentication will not be available for Umbraco Cloud version 9 projects. It is available for Umbraco Cloud version 10 (and newer) versions, but the users are currently not able to exclude IP addresses for authentication using the allowlist feature.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Basic Authentication allows access to the Backoffice & Frontend of Umbraco Cloud Websites for authenticated users only. 
:::note Basic authentication will not be available for projects running Umbraco 9. It is available for Umbraco Cloud version 10 (and newer) versions, however, the users are currently unable to exclude IP addresses for authentication using the allowlist feature.
:::
```

Umbraco Cloud offers a multitude of features allowing you to block access to different resources.

- Basic Authentication allows access to the Backoffice & Frontend of Umbraco Cloud Websites for authenticated users only. 

> :::note Basic authentication will not be available for projects running Umbraco 9. It is available for Umbraco Cloud version 10 (and newer) versions, however, the users are currently unable to exclude IP addresses for authentication using the allowlist feature.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:::note 
Basic authentication will not be available for projects running Umbraco 9. It is available for Umbraco Cloud version 10 (and newer) versions, however, the users are currently unable to exclude IP addresses for authentication using the allowlist feature.
```
